                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Hammerson plc                                                           
          (Incorporated in England and Wales)                                     
          (Company number 360632)                                                 
          LSE and Euronext Dublin share code: HMSO JSE share code: HMN            
          ISIN: GB00BK7YQK64                                                      
          (“Hammerson” or “the Company”)                                          
                                                                                  
          31 August 2023                                                          
                                                                                  
          Hammerson  issues £100m bond tap of existing £200m bonds maturing       
                                                                                  
                                       2028                                       
                                                                                  
          Hammerson announces that further to direct demand for Hammerson bonds, it has priced a £100m
                                                                                  
          increase (or “tap”) of its existing £200m 7.25% coupon bonds maturing in 2028, resulting in an
          outstanding notional of £300m1. The new bonds will have the same terms and conditions as the
          existing bonds. The new bonds will be placed with an existing large institutional investor.
                                                                                  
          Hammerson will use the proceeds for general corporate purposes including a tender offer for its
                                                                                  
          £350m 3.5% bonds maturing in 2025 and £300m 6.0% bonds maturing in 2026 that has been
          announced earlier today.                                                
                                                                                  
          The prospectus for the new bonds, when published, will be available on Hammerson’s website
                                                                                  
          (www.hammerson.com/investors/shareholder-information/debt-investors) and a copy will be
          submitted to the National Storage Mechanism and available to the public for inspection at
          https://data.fca.org.uk/#/nsm/nationalstoragemechanismon.               
                                                                                  
          Notes:                                                                  
                                                                                  
          1. Subject to the signing of the subscription agreement                 
                                                                                  
          IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: This announcement does not constitute an offer of any
                                                                                  
          securities for sale (including, without limitation, the new bonds). The offer and sale of the
          new bonds may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. This announcement is not for
          release, publication or distribution in whole or in part, in, into or from any jurisdiction where
                                                                                  
          to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.
                                                                                  
          The new bonds are not being, and will not be, offered or sold in the United States of America
          (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States of America and the
                                                                                  
          District of Columbia) (the “United States”). Nothing in this document constitutes an offer to
          sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the new bonds in the United States or any other
          jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered in the United States absent
                                                                                  
          registration under, or an exemption from the registration requirements of, the Securities
          Act. The new bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or
          the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the
          account or benefit of, U.S. persons.                                    
                                                                                  
          Compliance information for the new bonds: No EU PRIIPs KID – eligible counterparties and
                                                                                  
          professional clients only (all distribution channels). No sales to EEA retail investors; no key
          information document in respect of the EEA has been or will be prepared. UK MiFIR
          professionals/ECPs only/No UK PRIIPs KID – eligible counterparties and professional
                                                                                  
          clients only (all distribution channels). No sales to UK retail investors; no key information
          document in respect of the UK has been or will be prepared.             
                                                                                  
          No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the new bonds to
                                                                                  
          permit a public offering of securities.                                 
                                                                                  
          ENDS                                                                    
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Enquiries                                                               
                                                                                  
          Richard Sharp, Director of Treasury, Tax and Insurance                  
          Tel: + 44 (0) 207 887 1119 E:richard.sharp@hammerson.com                
                                                                                  
          Hammerson Investor Contacts                                             
          Josh Warren, Director of Strategy, Commercial Finance and Investor Relations
          T: +44 (0) 20 7887 1053 E: josh.warren@hammerson.com                    
                                                                                  
          Hammerson Media Contacts                                                
          Natalie Gunson, Group Communications Director, Hammerson                
          T: +44 (0) 20 7887 4672  E: natalie.gunson@hammerson.com                
                                                                                  
          MHP for Hammerson                                                       
          Ollie Hoare and Charles Hirst                                           
          T: +44 (0)20 3128 8100 E: Hammerson@mhpgroup.com                        
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Notes to editors                                                        
                                                                                  
          Hammerson has ratings of BBB (issuer default rating) from Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”) and
          Baa3 (long term debt) from Moody’s Investors Services Limited (“Moody’s”). The new bonds are
          expected to be assigned a BBB+ rating by Fitch and a Baa3 rating by Moody’s. Morgan Stanley
                                                                                  
          are acting as Sole Lead Manager on the issuance of the new bonds. Lloyds Bank Corporate
          Markets and Mizuho are acting as dealer managers on the tender offer referred to herein.
                                                                                  
          About Hammerson                                                         
                                                                                  
          Hammerson is a cities business. An owner, operator and developer of prime urban real estate,
          with a portfolio value of £4.7billion (as at 30 June 2023), in some of the fastest growing cities in
          the UK, Ireland and France.                                             
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Our portfolio and adjacent lands leverage our experience and capabilities to create and manage
          exceptional city centre destinations with the opportunity to drive value and reshape entire
          neighbourhoods.                                                         
          Our assets are high profile and play an important role in our communities, welcoming more than
          215 million visitors each year and supporting 20,000+ jobs though our retail, dining and social
          occupiers.                                                              
                                                                                  
          These destinations include Bullring in Birmingham, The Oracle in Reading, Dundrum Estate,
          Dublin and Terraces du Port in Marseille. We also hold investments in Value Retail, best-in-class
          villages such as Bicester Village, Oxfordshire.                         
                                                                                  
          Hammerson also holds 100 acres of attractive pre-development and strategic land. This includes
          complementary adjacent land, creating optionality to enhance both the scale and diversity of the
          existing estate, and stand-alone land opportunities. These include Martineau Galleries in
          Birmingham and Bishopsgate Goodsyard, Shoreditch.                       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          www.hammerson.com                                                       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Hammerson has its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and secondary inward
          listings on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin.        
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Sponsor: Investec Bank Limited                                          
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  