                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          PPC Ltd                                                                 
          (Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)                          
          (Company registration number 1892/000667/06)                            
          JSE ISIN: ZAE000170049                                                  
          JSE code: PPC ZSE code: PPC                                             
          (“PPC” or “the company” or “the group”)                                 
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          OPERATING UPDATE FOR THE FIVE MONTHS ENDED 31 AUGUST 2023               
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          GROUP PERFORMANCE                                                       
                                                                                  
          For the five months ended August 2023, compared to the five months ended August 2022 (the “comparable
          period”), revenue for PPC’s South Africa (“SA”) and Botswana group (previously referred to as SA obligor group),
          which excludes Zimbabwe and Rwanda (CIMERWA), increased by 5%, driven by an increase of average selling
          prices despite weaker cement sales volumes. Revenues from the group’s operations in both Zimbabwe and
          Rwanda were materially stronger than the comparable period increasing by 58% (US$ parallel rate) and 19% (in
          ZAR) respectively.                                                      
          Group cement sales volumes (including Zimbabwe and Rwanda) for the five months ended August 2023 were 3%
          higher than the comparable period due to exceptionally strong growth in Zimbabwe and, to a lesser extent,
          Rwanda, while cement volumes continued to decline in South Africa. While the materials business continued to
          see a decline in volumes, the cost reduction actions and price increases implemented resulted in EBITDA turning
          from negative in the comparable period to neutral in the five months ended August 2023.
                                                                                  
          EBITDA margins for SA and Botswana cement were flat against the comparable period at 11%, as price increases
          and cost initiatives enabled the margin to be maintained.               
                                                                                  
          Cash generation in the SA and Botswana group was positive due to the stabilised cement EBITDA, improvement
          in the materials business EBITDA and lower than anticipated capital expenditure. Cash generation includes a
          dividend received from Zimbabwe in July 2023 of R76 million ($3.5 million) compared to R68 million ($4.2 million)
          in the comparable period.                                               
          SOUTH AFRICA & BOTSWANA CEMENT                                          
                                                                                  
          Cement sales volumes in South Africa and Botswana decreased by 6% period-on-period for the five months ended
          August 2023. Cement sales volumes in the inland region continued their decline, albeit at a significantly lower
          rate, while the coastal region saw a downturn in volumes following higher than usual rainfall and weak retail
          demand.                                                                 
                                                                                  
          The average selling price increased by 10% during the period under review as bi-annual increases were
          implemented in January and July 2023. Notwithstanding the lower volumes, this resulted in revenue growth of
          5%. EBITDA for the period also increased by 5% as margins stabilised when compared to the comparable period.
          PPC will continue its efforts to counter input price inflation through price adjustments, operational efficiencies
          and improved industrial performance. SA and Botswana group’s gross debt remains unchanged from 31 March
          2023, but cash has increased from R131 million to R283 million, leaving net debt at R648 million at 31 August
          2023 from R800 million at 31 March 2023.                                
          The BEE transaction announced on SENS on 7 August 2023 for 10% of PPC South Africa Holdings Proprietary
          Limited (“PPC SA Holdings”) is for the benefit of PPC’s South African employees. Qualifying South African
          employees therefore participated in the amount paid by PPC Cement SA (Proprietary) Limited to PPC SA Holdings
          to enable it to declare a dividend to PPC, which will be utilised to fund the share repurchase of R200 million
          announced in June 2023.                                                 
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          MATERIALS                                                               
          The materials business is now contributing marginally to the EBITDA of the SA and Botswana group following the
          implementation of various improvement actions. Price increases across ash, aggregates and readymix together
          with an improved cost structure resulted in marginally positive EBITDA compared to a negative in the comparable
          period.                                                                 
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          ZIMBABWE                                                                
                                                                                  
          The cement market in Zimbabwe continued to show growth as a result of both residential construction and
          government funded infrastructure projects. PPC Zimbabwe continued to win back market share during the period
          following the planned maintenance shut down in the prior year. Cement sales volumes increased 42% period on
          period.                                                                 
                                                                                  
          PPC Zimbabwe’s average US$ selling price increased by 12% (US$ parallel rate) during the period. The improved
          volumes and pricing allowed for a meaningful improvement in EBITDA margins to 27%, a significant improvement
          from 14% in the comparable period, when there was a planned shutdown.   
          PPC received a US$3.5 million dividend in July 2023 and anticipates an additional dividend to be declared upon
          the publication of PPC Zimbabwe's interim results in November 2023.     
                                                                                  
          Shareholders were previously advised that 19% of the 29.6% of PPC Zimbabwe held by various indigenisation
          parties vested on 5 July 2023 and PPC Zimbabwe expected to re-purchase such shares at US$ one cent each in
          accordance with the relevant agreements. The repurchase of such shares was approved at an extraordinary
          general meeting of PPC Zimbabwe’s shareholders on 29 August 2023 and all such shares were subsequently re-
          purchased at US$ one cent each and cancelled. Consequently, PPC now holds 90% of PPC Zimbabwe.
          Economically, PPC will receive 99.5% of all dividends until the notional vendor financing of the remaining
          indigenous shareholder is repaid. Once-off costs incurred by PPC in connection with the unwinding of the
          indigenisation transaction amounted to R42 million.                     
                                                                                  
          RWANDA (CIMERWA)                                                        
                                                                                  
          Rwanda continues to see strong demand for cement in all its markets, with cement sales volumes increasing by
          13% period-on-period for the five months ended August 2023. Rwanda’s cement sales continued to benefit from
          its strong domestic position as demand from infrastructure projects remains robust. Cement exports were
          impacted by increased competition due to new competitors. Input cost increases were not able to be fully
          absorbed through pricing increases of 6%, resulting in EBITDA increasing by 9% (ZAR) and a reduction in EBITDA
          margin to 29% from 32% in the comparable period.                        
          OUTLOOK                                                                 
                                                                                  
          PPC’s outlook remains unchanged and it will continue to focus its resources on improving profitability and cash
          generation in South Africa while preserving its sound market positions in Zimbabwe and Rwanda. There continues
          to be a need for operational efficiencies and cost containment measures to mitigate rising input costs as the
          economic climate in PPC’s key South African market remains muted. As previously highlighted, PPC South Africa
          is well positioned to benefit from an increase in cement demand. PPC Zimbabwe anticipates a continued recovery
          and the outlook for CIMERWA in Rwanda remains positive.                 
                                                                                  
          PPC is participating in the RMB Morgan Stanley Big Five and Off Piste Investor Conference in Cape Town on 20
          September 2023 and the presentation to be given at this conference is available on the company’s website
          www.ppc.africa/investors-relations/reports/?t=presentations-allocate    
                                                                                  
          Dunkeld                                                                 
          20 September 2023                                                       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Sponsor:                                                                
          Questco Corporate Advisory Proprietary Limited                          
          Financial Communications Advisor:                                       
          Instinctif Partners                                                     
          Louise Fortuin                                                          
          Mobile: +27 71 605 4294                                                 
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  