                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
          INVESTEC PROPERTY FUND LIMITED                                            
          (Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)                            
          (Reg. No: 2008/011366/06)                                                 
          Approved as a REIT by the JSE                                             
          Share Code: IPF                                                           
          Bond Code: INV                                                            
          ISIN: ZAE000180915                                                        
          ("Investec Property Fund")                                                
          Distribution of Circular and Notice of General Meeting                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
          Words and expressions defined in this announcement shall, when used below, bear the same
          meanings ascribed to them in the Circular distributed to shareholders on Thursday, 31 August 2023.
          A Circular, detailing the proposed adoption of a new Share Plan, will be distributed to shareholders today,
          Thursday, 31 August 2023. The Circular also incorporates a notice convening a General Meeting of
          shareholders for the purpose of considering, and, if deemed fit, passing, with or without modification, the
          special and ordinary resolutions necessary to give effect to the Share Plan.
                                                                                    
          Notice of General Meeting                                                 
          Notice is hereby given of a General Meeting of Investec Property Fund shareholders to be held through
          electronic communication on Thursday, 28 September 2023, at 14:00, to consider and, if deemed fit, to
          pass, with or without modification, the special and ordinary resolutions required to approve the proposed
          Share Plan.                                                               
          Electronic participation by shareholders                                  
          Should any shareholder (or representative or proxy for a shareholder) wish to participate in the General
          Meeting electronically, that shareholder must either register online using the online registration portal at
          www.meetnow.global/za; or apply by completing and submitting the Electronic Participation Form included
          in the Circular, to the Company’s Transfer Secretaries per details below, so as to be received by
          Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited by no later than 14:00 on Tuesday, 26 September 2023.
          Emails: proxy@computershare.co.za                                         
          Hand deliver: Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited, 15 Biermann Avenue, Rosebank, 2196
          Post: Private Bag, X9000, Saxonwold, 2132                                 
                                                                                    
          Computershare will first validate such requests and confirm the identity of the shareholder in terms of
          section 63(1) of the Companies Act, and, if the request is validated, further details on using the electronic
          communication facility will be provided.                                  
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
          SALIENT DATES AND TIMES                                                   
                                                                       2023         
           Notice record date, being the date on which a Shareholder must be        
           registered in the Register to be eligible to receive notice of the General
                                                               Friday, 18 August    
           Meeting                                                                  
           Announcement of distribution of Circular and notice convening the General
           Meeting released on SENS on                       Thursday, 31 August    
           Circular incorporating the Notice of General Meeting and Form of Proxy,  
           distributed to Shareholders on                    Thursday, 31 August    
                                                                                    
           Last day to trade Shares to be recorded in the Register to vote at the   
                                                           Tuesday, 19 September    
           General Meeting                                                          
           General Meeting record date, being the date on which a Shareholder must  
           be registered in the Register to be eligible to attend and participate in the
                                                             Friday, 22 September   
           General Meeting and to vote thereat, by close of trade                   
           For administrative reasons, Forms of Proxy in respect of the General     
           Meeting are to be lodged at or received via post or e-mail by the Transfer
                                                           Tuesday, 26 September    
           Secretaries or Company Secretary by no later than 14:00 on               
           Electronic Participation Form to be received by Computershare Investor   
           Services Pty Limited before 14:00 on            Tuesday, 26 September    
           Form of Proxy in respect of the General Meeting to be handed to the      
           chairperson of the General Meeting or the Transfer Secretaries at the Thursday, 28 September
           General Meeting at any time before the proxy exercises any rights of the 
           Shareholder at the General Meeting                                       
                                                           Thursday, 28 September   
           General Meeting to be held through electronic communication at 14:00 on  
           Results of the General Meeting published on SENS on Thursday, 28 September
           Results of the General Meeting published in the South African press on Friday, 29 September
          Note:                                                                     
                                                                                    
          1. All times shown in this Circular are South African times unless otherwise stated.
          2. The above dates and times are subject to amendment. Any material amendment will be announced on SENS and
             published in the South African press.                                  
          3. Shareholders should note that as transactions in Shares are settled in the electronic settlement system used by
             Strate, settlement of trades takes place three business days after such trade. Therefore, Shareholders who
             acquire Shares after close of trade on Tuesday, 19 September 2023 will not be eligible to attend, participate in
             and vote at the General Meeting.                                       
          4. If the General Meeting is adjourned or postponed, forms of proxy submitted of the General Meeting will remain
             valid in respect of any adjournment or postponement of the General Meeting unless the contrary is stated on the
             relevant form of proxy.                                                
          5. To the extent that a form of proxy is not received by Tuesday, 26 September on 14:00 2023, as envisaged in the
             table above, the form of proxy may be handed to the chairperson of the General Meeting prior to the
             commencement of that meeting.                                          
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
          Investec Property Fund Limited                                            
          Johannesburg                                                              
          31 August 2023                                                            
                                                                                    
          Sponsor                                                                   
          Investec Bank Limited                                                     
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                    