                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          NAMPAK LIMITED                                                          
          (Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)                          
          (Registration number 1968/008070/06)                                    
          Ordinary Share Code: NPK                                                
          Ordinary share ISIN: ZAE000322095                                       
          6.0% Preference Share Code: NPKP ISIN: ZAE000004958                     
          6.5% Preference Share Code: NPP1 ISIN: ZAE000004966                     
          LEI: 3789003820EC27C76729                                               
          (“Nampak” or the “Company” or the “Group”)                              
                                                                                  
          NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR
          INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA AND JAPAN. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES
          NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM AN OFFER OF SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES,     
          AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION.                     
                                                                                  
          FINALISATION ANNOUNCEMENT IN RESPECT OF THE NAMPAK RIGHTS OFFER AND     
          OPERATIONAL UPDATE                                                      
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          FINALISATION DATE OF THE RIGHTS OFFER                                   
          Shareholders of Nampak (“Shareholders”) are referred to the declaration announcement published
          on the Stock Exchange News Service ("SENS") of the JSE Limited (“JSE”) on Tuesday,
          29 August 2023 relating to a partially underwritten renounceable rights offer to qualifying Nampak
          Shareholders of ZAR1.0 billion ("Rights Offer"), and are advised that the Company has received
          formal approval in respect of the Rights Offer circular to be published on or around Monday,
          4 September 2023 (“Rights Offer Circular”) from the Issuer Regulation Division of the JSE, and
          accordingly that all suspensive conditions to the Rights Offer have now been fulfilled.
                                                                                  
          SALIENT TERMS OF THE RIGHTS OFFER                                       
          Nampak intends to raise an amount of ZAR1.0 billion through an offer of renounceable rights to
          subscribe for new ordinary shares (“Rights Offer Shares”) to Nampak Shareholders (excluding
          Nampak Shareholders resident or located in certain restricted jurisdictions) who are recorded in the
          register on the record date for the Rights Offer ("Qualifying Shareholders"), being Friday,
          8 September 2023 (“Record Date”).                                       
                                                                                  
          In terms of the Rights Offer, Shareholders recorded in the register at the close of trade on the Record
          Date, will receive the rights to subscribe for Rights Offer Shares, on the basis of 2.20902 rights for
          every 1 (one) Nampak ordinary share held on the Record Date (“Ratio of Entitlement”), at the price
          of R175.00 per Rights Offer Share.                                      
          The subscription price of R175.00 represents a discount of approximately 23.49% to the 30-day
          volume weighted average traded price of Nampak’s ordinary shares as at close of business on
          Wednesday, 30 August 2023.                                              
                                                                                  
          Shareholders may commence trading the nil paid letters of allocation (“Letters of Allocation”) from
          commencement of business on Wednesday, 6 September 2023 until the close of business on
          Tuesday, 19 September 2023, both days inclusive, under the JSE code NPKN and
          ISIN ZAE000317319, and the Rights Offer Shares from commencement of business on Wednesday,
          20 September 2023.                                                      
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          SHAREHOLDER COMMITMENTS AND UNDERWRITING                                
          Nampak has received commitments from certain of its major Shareholders, to follow their rights in
          terms of the Rights Offer and subscribe for Rights Offer Shares to the value of approximately
          R500 000 000 (five hundred million Rand) in aggregate.                  
                                                                                  
          Nampak has furthermore received commitments from Coronation Asset Management (Pty) Limited
          (“Coronation”) up to a maximum of R300 000 000, A2 Investment Partners (Pty) Limited up to a
          maximum of R100 000 000 and Numus Capital (Pty) Limited up to a maximum of R50 000 000 (or
          their respective duly authorised nominees, which nominees shall be a wholly owned subsidiary of the
          respective underwriter), to partially underwrite the Rights Offer. Accordingly, the Rights Offer is
          underwritten by the underwriters for a maximum value of R450 000 000 (four hundred and fifty million
          Rand) in aggregate.                                                     
          The Directors have made due and careful enquiry to confirm that the underwriters are able to meet
          their commitments in terms of the Rights Offer. Further particulars of the underwriters will be set out
          in the Rights Offer Circular.                                           
                                                                                  
          It is intended that, pursuant to the terms of the underwriting agreements entered into between the
          Company and the underwriters, an underwriting fee equal to 2.33% of their respective underwritten
          amounts shall be payable by Nampak to the underwriters. The independent directors of the Board
          have considered a number of precedent rights offers on the JSE since 2014 and are of the opinion
          that, taking into account all relevant circumstances, the underwriting fees payable to the Underwriters
          are market-related.                                                     
          FRACTIONAL ENTITLEMENTS                                                 
                                                                                  
          The number of rights to subscribe for Rights Offer Shares to which Qualifying Shareholders will
          become entitled will be determined by the Ratio of Entitlement. Only whole numbers of Rights Offer
          Shares will be issued and Shareholders will be entitled to subscribe for rounded numbers of Rights
          Offer Shares once the Ratio of Entitlement has been applied. Fractional entitlements of 0.5 or greater
          will be rounded up and those less than 0.5 will be rounded down.        
          SALIENT DATES AND TIMES                                                 
                                                                                  
          Unless otherwise stated, capitalised terms used in the table below have the same meanings given in
          the Rights Offer Circular.                                              
                                                                      2023        
                                                                                  
           Finalisation announcement released on SENS by 11:00 Thursday, 31 August
                                                                                  
           Rights Offer Circular including Form of Instruction published on the Monday, 4 September
           Nampak website                                                         
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           Last day to trade in ordinary shares in order to participate in the Rights
           Offer (cum entitlement)                         Tuesday, 5 September   
                                                                                  
           Ordinary shares commence trading ex-rights on the JSE at 09:00 on Wednesday, 6
                                                                  September       
                                                                                  
           Nil paid Letters of Allocation listed and traded under share code: NPKN Wednesday, 6
           and ISIN ZAE000317319                                  September       
                                                                                  
           Rights Offer Circular posted/emailed to certificated Shareholders,     
           together with a Form of Instruction            Thursday, 7 September   
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           Record Date for the Rights Offer                 Friday, 8 September   
                                                                                  
           Rights Offer opens at 09:00 on                 Monday, 11 September    
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           Certificated Shareholders will have their Letters of Allocation credited to
           an electronic account held at the transfer secretaries Monday, 11 September
                                                                                  
           Dematerialised Shareholders will have their accounts at their CSDP or Monday, 11 September
           broker credited with their Letters of Allocation                       
                                                                                  
           Rights Offer Circular posted to dematerialised Shareholders on Monday, 11 September
                                                                                  
           Last day to trade in respect of the take-up (no trading permitted in the
           Form of Instruction in respect of the Letters of Allocation which is issued
                                                                                  
           for processing purposes only)                  Tuesday, 19 September   
                                                                                  
                                                               Wednesday, 20      
           Listing of Rights Offer Shares at the commencement of business September
                                                                                  
           Payment made and form of instruction lodged by certificated            
           Shareholders wishing to exercise all or part of their entitlement at the
           transfer secretaries by 12:00                   Friday, 22 September   
                                                                                  
           Rights Offer closes at 12:00                    Friday, 22 September   
                                                                                  
           Record date for take-up in terms of the Rights Offer Friday, 22 September
                                                                                  
           CSDP or broker accounts in respect of Qualifying Shareholders holding  
           dematerialised shares will be updated with Rights Offer Shares and     
                                                          Tuesday, 26 September   
           debited with any payments due on                                       
           Rights Offer Shares issued and posted to Qualifying Shareholders Tuesday, 26 September
           holding certificated shares                                            
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
           Results of Rights Offer announced on SENS      Tuesday, 26 September   
                                                                                  
           In respect of successful excess applications for Rights Offer Shares (if
           applicable), Rights Offer Shares issued to Qualifying Shareholders     
                                                                 Thursday, 28     
           holding dematerialised shares and / or share certificates posted to    
                                                                  September       
           Qualifying Shareholders holding certificated shares                    
           In respect of unsuccessful excess applications for Rights Offer Shares (if
           applicable), refunds made to Qualifying Shareholders holding certificated Thursday, 28
           shares                                                 September       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Notes:                                                                  
          1.  Qualifying Shareholders will be notified of any material amendments to the important dates and
              times on SENS and in the South African press.                       
          2.  Unless otherwise indicated, all times are South African times.      
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          3.  Shareholders may not dematerialise or rematerialise their ordinary shares between
              Wednesday, 6 September 2023, and Friday, 8 September 2023, both dates inclusive.
          4.  CSDPs effect payment on a delivery versus payment method in respect of Qualifying
              Shareholders holding dematerialised shares.                         
          5.  Nampak share certificates will be posted by registered post at the risk of the Qualifying
              Shareholder.                                                        
          RIGHTS OFFER CIRCULAR                                                   
                                                                                  
          Full details of the Rights Offer will be disclosed in the Rights Offer Circular, which will be made
          available on Nampak’s website (www.nampak.co.za) on Monday, 4 September 2023, and will be
          posted, together with a form of instruction in respect of the Letters of Allocation, to certificated
          Shareholders on Thursday, 7 September 2023 and to qualifying dematerialised Shareholders on
          Monday, 11 September 2023.                                              
          OPERATIONAL UPDATE                                                      
                                                                                  
          Further to the update announcements released by the Company on SENS on 30 March 2023,
          24 May 2023, 14 August 2023 and 30 August 2023, Shareholders are hereby advised of key updates
          in respect of strategic initiatives and key elements of the Group’s operational performance. For
          completeness, Shareholders are referred to the March 2023 presentation available on the website at
          https://www.nampak.com/Investors/Financial-Information and titled “2023 Interim Results
          Presentation”.                                                          
                                                                                  
          There has been a step change in corporate activity since presenting the interim results. Numerous
          concurrent workstreams to reposition, refinance and right-size the business have either been finalised
          or are at advanced stages of implementation.                            
                                                                                  
          •   Good progress has been made in respect of the asset disposal programme and we remain
              confident that the R2.6 billion target will be realised, with a critical focus on high value assets.
                                                                                  
          •   The merger of Bevcan South Africa and DivFood is progressing according to plan, having
              appointed the leadership team in pursuance of best practice. DivFood has delivered a return to
              profitability over the past 4 months which is particularly pleasing as turnaround initiatives gain
              traction.                                                           
                                                                                  
          •   Management initiatives to reduce working capital through renegotiated terms and reduced
              inventory levels are yielding positive results.                     
                                                                                  
          •   Capital expenditure is being actively managed and is expected to be in line with previous
              guidance.                                                           
                                                                                  
          •   Following the sustained currency volatility within Nigeria and, to a lesser extent, Angola,
              management has implemented mechanisms to mitigate the severity thereof. With respect to
              Nigeria, it is clear that the government has taken the correct policy action, but it is likely to take
              some time for trading conditions to normalise.                      
          The financial information contained in this announcement has not been reviewed or reported on by
          the Company’s external auditors.                                        
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Johannesburg                                                            
          Thursday, 31 August 2023                                                
                                                                                  
          Lead Financial Advisor to the Company and Independent Corporate Advisor to the Board
          PSG Capital                                                             
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Joint Financial Advisors to the Company and Joint Transaction Sponsors  
          Nedbank Corporate and Investment Banking, a division of Nedbank Limited 
          The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited                               
          Legal Advisor to Nampak                                                 
          Edward Nathan Sonnenbergs Inc.                                          
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          IMPORTANT NOTICE                                                        
          This announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation or advertisement to
          purchase and/or subscribe for securities in South Africa, including an offer to the public for the sale of,
          or subscription for, or the solicitation or advertisement of an offer to buy and/or subscribe for, shares
          as defined in the South African Companies Act 71 of 2008, as amended, or otherwise ("Companies
          Act") and will not be distributed to any person in South Africa in any manner that could be construed
          as an offer to the public in terms of the Companies Act. As a result, this announcement does not
          comply with the substance and form requirements for a prospectus set out in the Companies Act and
          the South African Companies Regulations of 2011, and has been approved by, and/or registered with,
          the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission or any other South African
          authority. Nothing in this announcement should be viewed, or construed, as "advice", as that term is
          used in the South African Financial Markets Act 19 of 2012, as amended, and/or Financial Advisory
          and Intermediary Services Act 37 of 2002, as amended, ("FAIS Act").     
          The announcement constitutes factual, objective information about Nampak and nothing contained
          herein should be construed as constituting any form of investment advice or recommendation,
          guidance or proposal of a financial nature as contemplated in the FAIS Act in respect of Nampak or
          any transaction in relation thereto. Nampak and/or its representatives and advisors are not (and are
          not required to be) Financial Services Providers as contemplated in the FAIS Act in South Africa and
          the contents of this announcement must not be construed as constituting the canvassing for, or
          marketing or advertising of, financial services by Nampak and/or its representatives and advisors in
          South Africa. To the extent that any of Nampak’s representatives and advisors, are registered
          Financial Services Providers, none of them purport to provide, market or advertise financial services
          to any person in respect of Nampak and this announcement does not constitute financial advice, or
          financial services, provided by the aforesaid to any person who is in possession of this announcement.
          This announcement is for distribution only to persons who (a) have professional experience in matters
          relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000
          (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended, ("Order"); (b) are persons falling within Article
          49(2)(a) to (d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.") of the Order; (c) are
          outside the United Kingdom; or (d) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in
          investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000)
          in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or
          caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This
          announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons
          who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement
          relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.
          The information contained herein is not for release, publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in
          or into the United States, its territories or possessions, Canada, Australia or Japan or any other
          jurisdiction in which the distribution or release would be unlawful. This announcement is not and do
          does not contain an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe for
          securities in any jurisdiction, including the United States, Australia, Canada or Japan or any other state
          or jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful. The securities to
          which this announcement relates (the “Securities”) have not been, and will not be, registered under
          the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered, sold,
          taken up, exercised, resold, renounced, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United
          States unless registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction
          not subject to, registration under the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of the Securities in
          the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Securities may not be offered or sold in Australia,
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Canada or Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any national, resident or citizen of such
          countries                                                               
          The content of this announcement should not be construed as business, legal or tax advice. It is not
          intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a
          recommendation by Nampak or any of the advisors or underwriters that any recipient of this
          announcement should acquire any of Nampak’s securities. Neither Nampak nor any of the advisors
          or underwriters is making any representation to any prospective investor regarding the legality of an
          investment in Nampak by such prospective investor under the laws and regulations applicable to such
          prospective investor. Prospective investors should consult their own professional adviser before
          making any investment decision with regard to Nampak and in making an investment decision,
          prospective investors must rely on their own analysis, enquiry and examination of Nampak, including
          the merits and risks therein. All investment is subject to risk. The value of the securities offered may
          go down as well as up. Past performance is no guarantee of future returns.
          FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS                                              
                                                                                  
          Forward-looking statements: Certain statements in this document are not reported financial results or
          historical information but forward-looking statements. These statements are predictions of or indicate
          future events, trends, future prospects, objectives, earnings, savings or plans. Examples of such
          forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding volume growth,
          increases in market share, exchange rate fluctuations, shareholder return and cost reductions.
          Forward-looking statements are sometimes, but not always, identified by their use of a date in the
          future or such words as “believe”, “continue”, “anticipate”, “ongoing”, “expect”, “will”, “could”, “may”,
          “intend”, “plan”, “could”, “may”, and “endeavour”. By their nature, forward-looking statements are
          inherently predictive, speculative and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, because they relate to
          events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. If one or more of these
          risks materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may differ
          materially from those anticipated. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and
          developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking
          statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: changes in economic or political conditions
          and changes to the associated legal, regulatory and tax environments; lower than expected
          performance of existing or new products and the impact thereof on the group’s future revenue, cost
          structure and capital expenditure; the group’s ability to expand its portfolio; skills shortage; changes
          in foreign exchange rates and a lack of market liquidity which holds up the repatriation of earnings;
          increased competition, slower than expected customer growth and reduced customer retention;
          acquisitions and divestments of group businesses and assets and the pursuit of new, unexpected
          strategic opportunities; the extent of any future write- downs or impairment charges on the group’s
          assets; the impact of legal or other proceedings against the group; uncontrollable increases to legacy
          defined benefit liabilities and higher than expected costs or capital expenditures. When relying on
          forward-looking statements to make investment decisions, you should carefully consider both these
          factors and other uncertainties and events. Forward-looking statements apply only as of the date on
          which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of them, whether
          as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.             
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  