                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          THE BIDVEST GROUP LIMITED                                               
          Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa                            
                                                                                  
          Registration number: 1946/021180/06                                     
                                                                                  
          ISIN: ZAE000117321                                                      
          “Bidvest” or “the Company”                                              
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          VOLUNTARY   ANNOUNCEMENT:    BIDVEST  ACQUIRES   CONSOLIDATED           
          PROPERTY  SERVICES AUSTRALIA                                            
          Introduction                                                            
                                                                                  
          Bidvest is pleased to announce that it has acquired 100% of Consolidated Property
          Services Pty Limited (“CPS”) from its private shareholders (“the Acquisition”), effective
          20 September 2023. All conditions have been fulfilled and the purchase consideration
          settled using the Group’s international funding facilities.             
                                                                                  
          CPS’s current management team has signed service agreements and remains 
          committed to the business.                                              
          The Acquisition will double Bidvest’s facilities management operations in Australia and
                                                                                  
          will be earnings and return accretive to Bidvest.                       
          Overview of CPS                                                         
                                                                                  
          Established in 1977, CPS is a leading Australian provider of integrated property
          services to more than 145 sites across Victoria, New South Wales and South Australia.
          Its core cleaning services are focused on tier 1 commercial and retail customers mainly
          in Victoria and is complemented by technical, hygiene and waste management
          services.                                                               
                                                                                  
          The vast majority of its revenue is generated from direct contracts with building owners
          and tenants, with many of these relationships spanning in excess of ten years. CPS
          leverages automation and robotics, smart services and data analytics to drive its
          competitive advantage and is Australia’s first Climate Active certified cleaning provider
          offering opt-in carbon neutral cleaning.                                
          CPS is headquartered in Melbourne, employs almost 3,500 people and is led by a
          management team with an average tenure of twelve years. There is a strong focus on
                                                                                  
          training and career development, illustrated by 80% of current management starting
          their careers in operations.                                            
          Rationale for the Acquisition                                           
                                                                                  
          The acquisition of CPS is aligned to Bidvest’s stated strategic intent of expanding its
          international presence in facilities management as well as hygiene services and the
          distribution of plumbing and related products. The operational footprint of CPS is
          complementary to that of BIC, Bidvest’s existing facilities management business in
          Australia, and will add scale that will benefit all stakeholders.       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          CPS meets Bidvest’s acquisition criteria of being a meaningful player in its chosen
          niche and led by a management team with deep industry knowledge. Revenue visibility
          is underpinned by annuity, contractual income converting into good operational cash
          generation. We aim to realise additional value through the delivery of a cost-effective
          facilities management service off a broader geographic reach and service basket in
          Australia.                                                              
                                                                                  
          Categorisation of the Acquisition                                       
          The acquisition of CPS does not constitute a categorised transaction in terms of the
          Listings Requirements of the JSE Limited and accordingly this information is disclosed
          on a voluntary basis.                                                   
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          20 September 2023                                                       
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Financial advisor to Bidvest:                                           
          Bank of America Securities (South Africa)                               
                                                                                  
          Transactional services advisor to Bidvest:                              
                                                                                  
          Deloitte South Africa                                                   
          Legal advisor to Bidvest:                                               
                                                                                  
          Gilbert and Tobin                                                       
                                                                                  
          Sponsor to Bidvest:                                                     
          Investec Bank Limited                                                   
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Financial advisor to CPS and CPS Shareholders:                          
          MA Moelis Australia                                                     
                                                                                  
          Legal advisor to CPS and CPS Shareholders:                              
                                                                                  
          Mills Oakley                                                            
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  