                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Hammerson plc                                                           
          (Incorporated in England and Wales)                                     
          (Company number 360632)                                                 
          LSE and Euronext Dublin share code: HMSO JSE share code: HMN            
          ISIN: GB00BK7YQK64                                                      
          (“Hammerson” or “the Company”)                                          
                                                                                  
          THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF ARTICLE
          7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC
          LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (EUWA).       
          NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO, OR TO ANY PERSON
          LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN, OR AT ANY ADDRESS IN, THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
          ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO, THE U.S. VIRGIN 
          ISLANDS, GUAM, AMERICAN SAMOA, WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA     
          ISLANDS), ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF  
          COLUMBIA (THE UNITED STATES) OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S
          OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT))
          OR IN OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE,   
          PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT.                                    
                  HAMMERSON PLC ANNOUNCES TENDER OFFERS IN RESPECT OF ITS         
                    £350,000,000 3.500 PER CENT. BONDS DUE 2025 (THE 2025 BONDS)  
                                        AND                                       
                    £300,000,000 6.00 PER CENT. BONDS DUE 2026 (THE 2026 BONDS)   
          31 August 2023.                                                         
          Hammerson plc (the Company) announces today its separate invitations to holders of its (a) £350,000,000 3.500
          per cent. Bonds due 2025 (ISIN: XS1311391012) (the 2025 Bonds) and (b) £300,000,000 6.00 per cent. Bonds
          due 2026 (ISIN: XS0184639895) (the 2026 Bonds and, together with the 2025 Bonds, the Bonds and each a
          Series) to tender their Bonds for purchase by the Company for cash (each such invitation an Offer and together
          the Offers).                                                            
          The Offers are being made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the tender offer memorandum
          dated 31 August 2023 (the Tender Offer Memorandum), prepared by the Company, and is subject to the offer
          restrictions set out below and as more fully described in the Tender Offer Memorandum.
          Capitalised terms used in this announcement but not defined have the meanings given to them in the Tender Offer
          Memorandum.                                                             
          Summary                                                                 
                                                                                  
          A summary of certain terms of the Offers appears below:                 
          ISIN /        Applicable Outstanding Nominal Relevant Benchmark Maximum Acceptance
    Bonds Common Coupon Maturity  Amount      Security* Purchase Spread Amount    
          Code           Date                                                     
                                             3.5 per cent. UK                     
    2025         3.500 per 27 October        Treasury due 22                      
        XS1311391012             £350,000,000             245 bps                 
    Bonds         cent.  2025               October 2025 (ISIN:                   
         / 131139101                                               Subject as set out in the
                                            GB00BPCJD880)                         
                                                                  Tender Offer Memorandum,
                                                                   up to £100,000,000 in
                                            0.125 per cent. UK                    
                                                                  aggregate nominal amount
    2026         6.000 per 23 February       Treasury due 30                      
    Bonds XS0184639895 cent. 2026 £300,000,000 January 2026 (ISIN: 330 bps        
         / 018463989                        GB00BL68HJ26)                         
   * For information purposes only, the hypothetical Benchmark Security Rate determined as at 4.00 p.m. (London time) on 30 August 2023 was 5.231 per cent. in respect of the 2025 Bonds and
   4.706 per cent. in respect of the 2026 Bonds. The hypothetical Purchase Prices calculated as at 4.00 p.m. (London time) on 30 August 2023 (and assuming a settlement date of 13 September 2023)
   in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer Memorandum and using the aforementioned hypothetical Benchmark Security Rates are 91.819 per cent. in respect of the 2025
   Bonds and 95.306 per cent. in respect of the 2026 Bonds. The actual Purchase Price that the Company will pay for any Bonds of a Series validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the
   relevant Offer will be determined in the manner described in the Tender Offer Memorandum on the basis of the Purchase Spread for such Series (as set out in the table above), the relevant
   Benchmark Security Rate (determined as at the Pricing Time) and the Settlement Date.
          Rationale for the Offers                                                
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          The Offers are being made in accordance with the Company’s policy to actively manage its balance sheet
          liabilities.                                                            
          Purchase Prices and Accrued Interest                                    
                                                                                  
          In respect of each Series, the Company will pay for any Bonds of the relevant Series validly tendered and accepted
          for purchase by the Company pursuant to the relevant Offer a purchase price for such Bonds (each a Purchase
          Price) to be determined at or around 11.00 a.m. (London time) on 8 September 2023 (the Pricing Time) in the
          manner described in the Tender Offer Memorandum by reference to the annualised sum (each such sum, a
          Purchase Yield) of:                                                     
          (a)  the relevant Purchase Spread specified in the table on page 1 above; and
          (b)  the relevant Benchmark Security Rate.                              
          Each Purchase Price will be determined in accordance with market convention and expressed as a percentage of
          the nominal amount of the Bonds of the relevant Series accepted for purchase pursuant to the relevant Offer
          (rounded to the nearest 0.001 per cent., with 0.0005 per cent. rounded upwards), and is intended to reflect a yield
          to maturity of the Bonds of the relevant Series on the Settlement Date based on the relevant Purchase Yield.
          Specifically, the Purchase Price applicable to the Bonds of a particular Series will equal (a) the value of all
          remaining payments of principal and interest on the relevant Series up to and including the scheduled maturity
          date of the relevant Series, minus (b) any Accrued Interest for such Series.
          The Company will also pay an Accrued Interest Payment in respect of any Bonds accepted for purchase pursuant
          to the relevant Offer(s).                                               
          Maximum Acceptance Amount                                               
                                                                                  
          If the Company decides, in its sole and absolute discretion, to accept any validly tendered Bonds for purchase
          pursuant to the Offers, the Company currently proposes that the aggregate nominal amount of Bonds across both
          Series that it will accept for purchase pursuant to the Offers will be no greater than £100,000,000 (the Maximum
          Acceptance Amount), although the Company reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to accept
          significantly less or significantly more than such amount, or to accept none of such Bonds, for purchase pursuant
          to the Offers (the final aggregate nominal amount accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offers being the Final
          Acceptance Amount).                                                     
          The Company will determine the allocation of the nominal amount accepted for purchase pursuant to the Offers
          between the 2025 Bonds and the 2026 Bonds in its sole and absolute discretion, and reserves the right to accept
          significantly more or significantly less (or none) of the Bonds of one Series as compared to the other Series. For
          the avoidance of doubt, the Company reserves the right to accept for purchase, in its sole and absolute discretion,
          only the 2025 Bonds or only the 2026 Bonds.                             
          Series Acceptance Amounts and Scaling                                   
          In respect of each Series, if the Company decides to accept any validly tendered Bonds of such Series for purchase
          pursuant to the relevant Offer and the aggregate nominal amount of such Series validly tendered for purchase is
          greater than the final aggregate nominal amount of such Series accepted for purchase (in respect of such Series,
          the Series Acceptance Amount), the Company intends to accept such Bonds for purchase on a pro rata basis
          such that the aggregate nominal amount of such Series accepted for purchase pursuant to the relevant Offer is no
          greater than the relevant Series Acceptance Amount.                     
          The Series Acceptance Amount in respect of the 2025 Bonds will be a multiple of £100,000.
          New Issue Condition                                                     
          The Company intends to issue in the region of circa £100,000,000 7.25 per cent. bonds due 2028 (the New Bonds)
          to be consolidated and form a single series with the Company’s outstanding £200,000,000 7.25 per cent. bonds
          due 2028 issued on 21 April 1998, subject to market conditions. The New Bonds will be placed via an accelerated
          book building process with certain institutional investor(s), and will not be publicly available in the primary
          market. The Company's purchase of any Bonds validly tendered in the relevant Offer(s) is subject, without
          limitation, to the successful completion (in the sole determination of the Company) of the issue of the New Bonds
          (the New Issue Condition) (unless the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects to waive the New Issue
          Condition).                                                             
          Even if the New Issue Condition is satisfied, the Company is under no obligation to accept for purchase any Bonds
          tendered pursuant to the relevant Offer. The acceptance for purchase by the Company of Bonds validly tendered
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          pursuant to the relevant Offer is at the sole discretion of the Company, and tenders may be rejected by the
          Company for any reason or for no reason.                                
          The New Bonds are not being, and will not be, offered or sold in the United States. Nothing in this announcement
          or the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the New Bonds
          in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered in the United States
          absent registration under, or an exemption from the registration requirements of, the Securities Act. The New
          Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or
          other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the
          United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.    
          No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds to permit a public offering of
          securities.                                                             
          Announcements                                                           
                                                                                  
          The Company intends to announce, prior to the Pricing Time, a non-binding indication of the level at which it
          expects to set each Series Acceptance Amount and indicative details of any Scaling Factors applicable to valid
          tenders of Bonds of each relevant Series that will be applied in the event that the Company decides to accept valid
          tenders of Bonds of such Series pursuant to the relevant Offer(s).      
          The Company will then announce (subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition on or prior
          to the Settlement Date), as soon as reasonably practicable after the Pricing Time, its decision of whether to accept
          valid tenders of Bonds pursuant to both or either of the Offers and, if so accepted, the Final Acceptance Amount,
          each Series Acceptance Amount, each Benchmark Security Rate, each Purchase Yield, each Purchase Price and
          any Scaling Factor(s) that will be applied to the Bonds, of either Series, as applicable.
          Tender Instructions                                                     
                                                                                  
          In order to participate in, and be eligible to receive the relevant Purchase Price and Accrued Interest Payment
          pursuant to the relevant Offer, Bondholders must validly tender their Bonds by delivering, or arranging to have
          delivered on their behalf, a valid Tender Instruction that is received by the Tender Agent by 4.00 p.m. (London
          time) on 7 September 2023, unless extended, re-opened, amended and/or terminated as provided in the Tender
          Offer Memorandum (the Expiration Deadline).                             
          Bondholders are advised to check with any bank, securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold
          Bonds when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Bondholder in order for that Bondholder
          to be able to participate in, or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) revoke their
          instruction to participate in, an Offer by the deadlines set out above and in the Tender Offer Memorandum. The
          deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission and withdrawal of Tender
          Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines set out below and in the Tender Offer Memorandum.
          Tender Instructions will be irrevocable except in the limited circumstances described in the Tender Offer
          Memorandum.                                                             
          Tender Instructions must be submitted in respect of a minimum nominal amount of Bonds of the relevant Series
          of no less than the minimum denomination for such Series, as set out in the table below, and may thereafter be
          submitted in integral multiples of the relevant permitted integral multiple amount set out in the table below.
                                                                                  
               Series       Minimum denomination Permitted integral multiple amount
                                                                                  
             2025 Bonds         £100,000                  £1,000                  
             2026 Bonds          £1,000                   £1,000                  
                                                                                  
          A separate Tender Instruction must be completed on behalf of each beneficial owner and in respect of each Series.
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Indicative Timetable for the Offers                                     
                                                                                  
           Events                                  Times and Dates                
                                                   (All times are London time)    
           Commencement of the Offers                                             
           Offers announced. Tender Offer Memorandum available from the 31 August 2023
           Tender Agent.                                                          
                                                                                  
           Expiration Deadline                                                    
           Final deadline for receipt of valid Tender Instructions by the Tender 4.00 p.m. on 7 September 2023
           Agent in order for Bondholders to be able to participate in the Offers.
                                                                                  
           Announcement of Indicative Results                                     
           Announcement by the Company of a non-binding indication of the Prior to the Pricing Time on 8
           level at which it expects to set each Series Acceptance Amount and September 2023
           indicative details of any Scaling Factors applicable to valid tenders of
           Bonds of the relevant Series that will be applied in the event that the
           Company decides to accept valid tenders of Bonds of such Series        
           pursuant to the relevant Offer(s) (subject to the satisfaction (or waiver)
           of the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date).        
           Pricing Time                                                           
                                                                                  
           Determination of each Benchmark Security Rate, each Purchase Yield At or around 11.00 a.m. on 8
           and each Purchase Price.                September 2023                 
           Announcement of Results and Pricing                                    
           Announcement of whether (subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of As soon as reasonably practicable
           the New Issue Condition on or prior to the Settlement Date) the after the Pricing Time on 8 September
           Company will accept valid tenders of Bonds pursuant to both or either 2023
           of the Offers and, if so accepted, the Final Acceptance Amount, each   
           Series Acceptance Amount, each Benchmark Security Rate, each           
           Purchase Yield, each Purchase Price and any Scaling Factors that will  
           be applied to the Bonds of either Series, as applicable.               
                                                                                  
           Settlement Date                                                        
           Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the New Issue Condition, 13 September 2023
           expected Settlement Date for the Offers.                               
                                                                                  
          This is an indicative timetable and may be subject to change. Bondholders are advised to check with any bank,
          securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Bonds when such intermediary would need to
          receive instructions from a Bondholder in order for that Bondholder to be able to participate in, or (in the limited
          circumstances in which revocation is permitted) revoke their instruction to participate in, an Offer by the
          deadlines set out above and in the Tender Offer Memorandum. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and
          each Clearing System for the submission and withdrawal of Tender Instructions will be earlier than the relevant
          deadlines set out above and in the Tender Offer Memorandum.             
          Unless stated otherwise, announcements in connection with the Offers will be made (i) by publication through
          RNS and (ii) by the delivery of notices to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct Participants. Such
          announcements may also be made on the relevant Reuters Insider Screen and by the issue of a press release to a
          Notifying News Service. Copies of all such announcements, press releases and notices can also be obtained upon
          request from the Tender Agent, the contact details for which are below. Significant delays may be experienced
          where notices are delivered to the Clearing Systems and Bondholders are urged to contact the Tender Agent for
          the relevant announcements during the course of the Offers. In addition, Relevant Bondholders may contact the
          Dealer Managers for information using the contact details below.        
          Neither Dealer Manager (or their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates) has any role in
          relation to any part of an Offer made to Bondholders who are not Relevant Bondholders, where Relevant
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          Bondholder means a Bondholder that is: (a) in a member state of the European Union, an "eligible counterparty"
          or a "professional client", each as defined in Directive No. 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as
          amended from time to time); (b) in the United Kingdom, an "eligible counterparty", as defined in the FCA
          Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, or a "professional client" as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of
          Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal)
          Act 2018; or (c) in a jurisdiction outside of the EU and the UK, an institutional holder under applicable local law
          and not a retail holder.                                                
          Bondholders are advised to read carefully the Tender Offer Memorandum for full details of and
          information on the procedures for participating in the Offers.          
          For detailed terms of the Offers please refer to the Tender Offer Memorandum which (subject to distribution
          restrictions) can be obtained from the Tender Agent referred to below.  
                                                                                  
          Lloyds Bank Corporate Markets plc (Tel: +44 (0) 20 7158 1719/1726; Attn: Liability Management,
          Commercial Banking; Email: LBCMLiabilityManagement@lloydsbanking.com); and Mizuho International plc
          (Tel: +44 20 7090 6134; Attn: Liability Management; Email: liabilitymanagement@uk.mizuho-sc.com) are acting
          as Dealer Managers for the Offers (as made to the Relevant Bondholders).
          Kroll Issuer Services Limited (Tel: +44 20 7704 0880; Attn: David Shilson / Alessandro Zorza; Email:
          hammerson@is.kroll.com) is acting as Tender Agent.                      
          Questions and requests for assistance in connection with (i) the Offers may be directed to the Dealer Managers by
          the Relevant Bondholders, and (ii) the delivery of Tender Instructions may be directed to the Tender Agent, the
          contact details for each of which are on the last page of this Tender Offer Memorandum.
                                                                                  
          UK MAR: This announcement is released by the Company and contains information that qualified or may have
          qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014
          (MAR) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MAR), encompassing information
          relating to the Offers described above. For the purposes of UK MAR and Article 2 of the binding technical
          standards published by the Financial Conduct Authority in relation to MAR as regards Commission Implementing
          Regulation (EU) 2016/1055, this announcement is made by Alex Dunn, Company Secretary at the Company.
          DISCLAIMER This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. This
          announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully
          before any decision is made with respect to the Offers. If any Bondholder is in any doubt as to the action it should
          take, it is recommended to seek its own financial advice, including in respect of any tax consequences, from its
          broker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other independent financial, tax or legal adviser. Any individual or
          company whose Bonds are held on its behalf by a broker, dealer, bank, custodian, trust company or other nominee
          must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Bonds pursuant to the Offers. None of the Company, the Dealer
          Managers and the Tender Agent nor any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates
          makes any recommendation whether Bondholders should tender Bonds pursuant to the Offers.
          OFFER AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS                                     
          The distribution of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be
          restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum comes
          are required by each of the Company, the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about, and
          to observe, any such restrictions. Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an
          offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell the Bonds (and tenders of Bonds in the relevant Offer will not be
          accepted from Bondholders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those
          jurisdictions where the securities, blue sky or other laws require the relevant Offer to be made by a licensed broker
          or dealer and either of the Dealer Managers or any of the Dealer Managers' respective affiliates is such a licensed
          broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction, the relevant Offer shall be deemed to be made by such Dealer Manager
          or affiliate, as the case may be, on behalf of the Company in such jurisdiction (but only to any Bondholder that is
          a Relevant Bondholder).                                                 
          In addition to the representations referred to below in respect of the United States, each Bondholder participating
          in the Offers will also be deemed to give certain representations in respect of the other jurisdictions referred to
          below and generally as set out in the Tender Offer Memorandum. No action has been or will be taken in any
          jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities and the minimum
          denomination of the New Bonds will be £1,000.                           
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          United States. The Offers are not being made, and will not be made, directly or indirectly, in or into, or by use of
          the mail of, or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of, or of any facilities of a
          national securities exchange of, the United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S of the Securities
          Act (each a U.S. Person)). This includes, but is not limited to, facsimile transmission, electronic mail, telex,
          telephone, the internet and other forms of electronic communication. Accordingly, copies of this announcement,
          the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offers are not being, and
          must not be, directly or indirectly mailed or otherwise transmitted, distributed or forwarded (including, without
          limitation, by custodians, nominees or trustees) in or into the United States, to any person located or resident in
          the United States or to any U.S. Person, and the Bonds cannot be tendered in the Offers by any such use, means,
          instrumentality or facility or from within the United States or by any person located or resident in the United
          States or by, or by any person acting for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person. Any purported tender of Bonds
          in the Offers resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported
          tender of Bonds made by any person located in the United States or any agent, fiduciary or other intermediary
          acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States or by any U.S.
          Person or by use of such mails or any such means, instrumentality or facility will be invalid and will not be
          accepted.                                                               
          Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum is an offer of securities for sale in the United States
          or to U.S. Persons. Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered in the United States absent registration under, or
          an exemption from the registration requirements of, the Securities Act. The New Bonds have not been, and will
          not be, registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United
          States and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the
          account or benefit of, U.S. Persons.                                    
          Each holder of Bonds participating in an Offer will represent that it is not a U.S. Person and is not located in the
          United States and is not participating in such Offer from the United States, or it is acting on a non-discretionary
          basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in such Offer from
          the United States and who is not a U.S. Person. For the purposes of this and the above two paragraphs, United
          States means the United States of America, its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin
          Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands), any state of the United States
          of America and the District of Columbia.                                
          Italy. None of the Offers, this announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other document or materials
          relating to the Offers have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale
          per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) pursuant to Italian laws and regulations. Each Offer is being carried out in
          Italy as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis, paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24
          February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and article 35-bis, paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation
          No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended. Bondholders or beneficial owners of the Bonds that are located in Italy
          can tender Bonds for purchase in the Offers through authorised persons (such as investment firms, banks or
          financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the
          Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time, and
          Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and
          regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority.
          Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis
          its clients in connection with the Bonds, the Offers, the Tender Offer Memorandum and/or this announcement.
          United Kingdom. This announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials
          relating to the Offers are not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an
          authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and are not for
          general distribution and must not be passed on to the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication
          of such documents and materials is made only to and directed only at those persons in the United Kingdom falling
          within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets
          Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the Financial Promotion Order)) or persons falling within Article
          43 of the Financial Promotion Order or any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the
          Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as Relevant Persons) and the transaction
          contemplated herein will be available only to, and engaged in only with, Relevant Persons. Any person who is not
          a Relevant Person should not act on or rely on this announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum or (in either
          case) any of its contents.                                              
          France. The Offers are not being made, directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of France. This
          announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offers have
          only been and shall only be distributed in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
          (EU) 2017/1129. Neither this announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum has been or will be submitted
          for clearance to nor approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.   
          Belgium. Neither this announcement, the Tender Offer Memorandum nor any other documents or materials
          relating to the Offers have been submitted to or will be submitted for approval or recognition to the Belgian
          Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten / Financial Services
          and Markets Authority) and, accordingly, the Offers may not be made in Belgium by way of a public offering, as
          defined in Article 3 of the Belgian Law of 1 April 2007 on public takeover bids or as defined in Article 3 of the
          Belgian Law of 16 June 2006 on the public offer of placement instruments and the admission to trading of
          placement instruments on regulated markets, each as amended or replaced from time to time. Accordingly, the
          Offers may not be advertised and the Offers will not be extended, and neither this announcement, the Tender Offer
          Memorandum nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offers (including any memorandum,
          information circular, brochure or any similar documents) has been or shall be distributed or made available,
          directly or indirectly, to any person in Belgium other than "qualified investors" in the sense of Article 10 of the
          Belgian Law of 16 June 2006 on the public offer of placement instruments and the admission to trading of
          placement instruments on regulated markets (as amended from time to time), acting on their own account. Insofar
          as Belgium is concerned, each of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum has been issued only for
          the personal use of the above qualified investors and exclusively for the purpose of the Offers. Accordingly, the
          information contained in each of this announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum may not be used for any
          other purpose or disclosed to any other person in Belgium.              
                                                                                  
          Hammerson has its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and secondary inward listings on the
          Johannesburg Stock Exchange and Euronext Dublin.                        
                                                                                  
          Sponsor: Investec Bank Limited                                          
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  